There was no global ice in past lives.
Is it my rebirth?
Caused a huge butterfly effect
Ah Hu Shao
I don't want to die.
Hahahahaha
Breeze, what if you could predict natural disasters?
Aren't you going to die like us?
That's right. Global ice.
The entire planet will experience a mass extinction
Humans may also perish here
Everyone is equal in front of them.
I don't want to die.
I want to be with my parents
We won't die.
Because the master has already mastered what great changes
What cocoa is not afraid of change
Coco is not afraid of change
You have a constant stream of heat
As long as you play when you are
Then the flower bones will be able to pack the size.
Great, great, great.
Xiaoquan, your character is not good
This little brain is spinning quite fast
Mr. Chen, please take our knife bone
I beg you.
Mr. Chen's punch is my fault
This is also my fault.
Please help us get through this difficult time
Knowing that Li'er is not righteous
The little chicken has no great virtue
Wall Daoist
Weak Bibei
Your mouth is really according to my heart
hum
Go after school, son-in-law, don't go
The world is going to freeze soon
You big scientist
Can't leave our mother and daughter alone?
Ah, right.
Brother-in-law, we are all family.
And me, and me, I'm Mengyuan's boyfriend.
We are all family
Brother-in-law, you can't leave me alone
Mom
Don't you think it's funny that you just came to beg Qin Feng now?
Don't worry.
The country will not give up on everyone
I'm sure you'll all be fine
Dean Li should not be delayed
We must seize every moment now
Study on the Application of Controllable Nuclear Fusion in Ice Age
OK
We're all going to die.